capital = 1024

oob = "GRE_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "GRE_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "GRE_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "GRE_1936_air_bba"
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "GRE_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
		}
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3
set_variable = { var_consumer_goods_factor = 0.2 }
set_variable = { var_industrial_capacity_factory = 0 }
subtract_from_variable = { var_industrial_capacity_factory = var_consumer_goods_factor }

add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
	GRE_idea_political_crisis
	GRE_idea_pro_british_king
	GRE_idea_macedonian_separatism
	GRE_idea_social_crisis
	GRE_idea_consequences_of_rebellion
	GRE_idea_aviation_under_foreign_flags
}
add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = GRE_idea_high_inflation_dyn }


recruit_character = GRE_nikos_zachariadis
recruit_character = GRE_ioannis_metaxas
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_tsaldaris
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_kosmidis
recruit_character = GRE_michel_pablo
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_speras
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_ii
recruit_character = GRE_themiastoklis_sofoulis
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_koryzis
recruit_character = GRE_chrysanthus_of_athens
recruit_character = GRE_charalambos_katsimitros
recruit_character = GRE_markos_drakos
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_sakellariou
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_papagos
recruit_character = GRE_maraveas_vasilios
recruit_character = GRE_efstathios_liosis
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_ventiris
recruit_character = GRE_ioannis_pitsikas
recruit_character = GRE_ioannis_paparrodou
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_davakis
recruit_character = GRE_vasileios_vrachnos
recruit_character = GRE_damaskinos
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_papandreou
recruit_character = GRE_evripidis_bakirtris
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_maniadakis
recruit_character = GRE_aristeidis_dimitratos
recruit_character = GRE_emmanouil_tsouderos
recruit_character = GRE_sophoklis_venizelos
recruit_character = GRE_aristotle_onassis
recruit_character = GRE_xenophon_giosmas
recruit_character = GRE_dimitris_glinos
recruit_character = GRE_dimitrios_holevas
recruit_character = GRE_markos_vafiadis
recruit_character = GRE_father_dimistrios
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_plastiras
recruit_character = GRE_manolis_mantakas
recruit_character = GRE_theodoros_pangalos
recruit_character = GRE_dimitrios_psarros
recruit_character = GRE_panagiotis_demestichas
recruit_character = GRE_eleftherios_venizelos
recruit_character = GRE_marinos_mitralexis
recruit_character = GRE_spyridon_avgeris
recruit_character = GRE_alexander_papagos
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_tsolakoglou
recruit_character = GRE_aris_velouchiotis
recruit_character = GRE_panagiotis_gazis
recruit_character = GRE_vasilios_tsarpalis
recruit_character = GRE_petros_voulgaris
recruit_character = GRE_napoleon_zervas
recruit_character = GRE_nikos_beloyannis
recruit_character = GRE_aristeidis_moraitinis
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_kosmas
recruit_character = GRE_epameinondas_kavvadias
recruit_character = GRE_dimitrios_oikonomou



set_technology = {
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	tech_sniper_squad = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		pre_dreadnoughts = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 20

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	
	complete_national_focus = GRE_bringing_metaxas_to_authority
	complete_national_focus = GRE_suspend_the_work_of_parliament
	complete_national_focus = GRE_third_hellenic_civilization
	complete_national_focus = GRE_corporate_economics
	complete_national_focus = GRE_workers_center
	complete_national_focus = GRE_national_youth_organization
	complete_national_focus = GRE_horizontal_syndicalistic_system
	complete_national_focus = GRE_drachm_stabilization
	complete_national_focus = GRE_ban_political_parties
	complete_national_focus = GRE_repression_against_the_macedonians
	complete_national_focus = GRE_repression_against_the_communists
	complete_national_focus = GRE_asphalia 
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = doctrine_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	
	
	oob = "GRE_1939"
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
			set_naval_oob = "GRE_1939_naval_mtg"
		else = {
			set_naval_oob = "GRE_1939_naval_legacy"
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "GRE_1939_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "GRE_1939_air_legacy"
			set_technology = {
				early_fighter = 1
				early_bomber = 1
				CAS1 = 1
				naval_bomber1 = 1
			}
		}
	}
	
	set_technology = {
		tech_support = 1		
		tech_engineers2 = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		interwar_artillery = 1
		interwar_antitank = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1
		support_weapons = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		synth_oil_experiments = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		oil_processing = 1
		improved_oil_processing = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		construction3 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
		dispersed_industry3 = 1
	}
	if = {
		limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		set_technology = {
			basic_destroyer = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_technology = {
			basic_light_battery = 1
			basic_depth_charges = 1
		}
	}
	add_ideas = {
		GRE_idea_pro_british_king
	}
}


set_popularities = {
	democratic = 35
	fascism = 1
	communism = 21
	trozkism = 3
	neutrality = 5
	monarchy = 35
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = monarchy
	last_election = "1935.6.9"
	election_frequency = 12
	elections_allowed = yes # none after offset 1
}




1939.1.1 = {
	
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 20
		fascism = 1
		communism = 11
		trozkism = 3
		neutrality = 45
		monarchy = 20
	}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1936.1.6"
		election_frequency = 12
		elections_allowed = no
	}

}


set_stability = 0.75


### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	### Ship Variants ###
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hydra Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 2
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 2
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Katsonis Class"				
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = GRE_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Glafkos Class"				
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = GRE_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Aetos Class"					
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = GRE_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hydra Class"	
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = GRE_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
	}
	# Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Averof Class"				
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		name_group = GRE_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Elli Class"				
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = GRE_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
	}
	# Battleships #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kilkis Class"	
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = GRE_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
}

# 1939 Start #
1939.1.1 = {
	if = {
		limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		# Ship variants #
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Vasilefs Georgios I Class"	
			type = ship_hull_light_2
			name_group = GRE_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			}
		}
	}
}

1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	remove_ideas = {
		GRE_idea_pro_british_king
		GRE_idea_consequences_of_rebellion
		GRE_idea_aviation_under_foreign_flags
		GRE_idea_national_youth_organization
		GRE_idea_horizontal_syndicalistic_system
		GRE_idea_significant_inflation
		GRE_idea_repression_against_the_communists
		GRE_idea_asphalia
	}
	remove_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = GRE_idea_high_inflation_dyn }
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}